{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat2\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs42\fsmilli21333 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Project Proposal
\fs32 \
Carlos Evelo\
\'a0\
Option 3: War \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
When the user launches the app, display a list of game variations the user can choose \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\partightenfactor0
\cf2 from, including 52-card and 78-card.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Provide at least 4 different themes for the card suit types. (Default is 
\f1 \uc0\u9824 \u65039 
\f0 , 
\f1 \uc0\u9827 \u65039 
\f0 , 
\f1 \uc0\u9829 \u65039 
\f0 , 
\f1 \uc0\u9830 \u65039 
\f0 ). Other themes can include Halloween ( 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56443 
\f0 , 
\f1 \uc0\u55356 \u57219 
\f0 , 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56695 
\f0 , 
\f1 \uc0\u55358 \u56711 
\f0 ) or Christmas (
\f1 \uc0\u55356 \u57220 
\f0 , 
\f1 \uc0\u55356 \u57221 \u55356 \u57341 
\f0 , 
\f1 \uc0\u55356 \u57217 
\f0 , 
\f1 \uc0\u9924 \u65039 
\f0 ).\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Each theme should have a name, a set of emojis, and a color.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A new emoji theme should be able to be added to your game with a single line of code. \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
When your game starts, there should briefly be only one deck of cards showing, but then it should deal the cards into 2 decks when tapped.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Each new game starts with a newly shuffled deck with unique cards which are then dealt out to each player.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	7.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
On a player\'92s turn a card can be played by tapping the top card in their deck. If the card wins, the player must tap the cards to claim them before the timer runs out. Otherwise, the opponent claims the cards.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	8.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If the cards are equal in value, the player must tap the top card on their deck again to place another face-up card. The face-up cards are then compared again. If the player doesn\'92t tap their deck again to distribute these cards before the timer runs, the opponent claims all the cards in play.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	9.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The current card count for each player is displayed next to their deck.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	10.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The timer for claiming cards won is displayed next to the played cards.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	11.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Include at least one sound effect into the game at an appropriate point. Places to consider include when a card flips, on win, on loss, on game over. Let the user disable sound effects. \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	12.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The timers are animated with some visual.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	13.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Keep track of overall high score and high scores by theme. The score is calculated by the time it takes to win the game.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	14.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Display the high score somewhere in the UI. \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	15.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Allow the user to view a list of high scores by theme. \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	16.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
While playing a game, cards should always display at a fixed aspect ratio.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
}